what's up YouTube old school NYC gamer
here with a gameplay review of wild
gunman and know ladies and gentlemen not
from the Nintendo yes for the iPhone and
I'm gonna hear those grumbles again
found this on one of the app stores and
it's a free game so definitely grab it
guys if you haven't yet and of course if
you're not familiar it's a light gun
game but of course it could be using my
two little thumbs here to play this game
and of course I'll just show you the
first one your a game a see right here
you got your aim area and you get the
fire arrow so let's see how this works
as you see it's a little sensitive so
you gotta be that kinda quick to the
draw a deal as I'm gonna try to get him
again I've caught him with his pants
down go figure and a tool with this game
for a little bit guys it's actually not
too bad it's actually a very good
conversion of the of the original
Nintendo game he's probably gonna get me
nothing good I wasn't paying attention
okay guys well let's see let's get into
the into the main menu here
let's see if we get them both a little
quicker here I got one he got me so ya
can't win them all guys definitely a
classic game from the Nintendo
Entertainment System was one of the
first games they came out with their
catalog and definitely one of one of the
best light gun games honestly in my
opinion if you guys haven't picked this
up on the original NES definitely get
it's a very fun game and of course guys
listener to the viewfinder isn't that
good so I'm not gonna make an excuse in
my sucky gameplay but so far that's what
we got for this pitch is a glass game
here this is more of like a shooting
like a Hogan's Alley kind of theme here
and that would be the game game board of
course here you can see I'm moving the
little brush around
well like I said guys is a quick
gameplay of the wild gunman for the iPod
iTouch
and I believe iPad it's available I
believe it was free of now think I paid
99 cents for the scene so it's
definitely a steal either way guys
definitely grab it if you haven't and if
you do let me know what you guys think
of it rate comment subscribe you know
have a great night guys